feat: improve prometheus recording rules, add slo effective burn rate grafana dashboard (#32)
seznam/slo-exporter: examples/all_in_one/README.md

#  User: admin
#  Password: admin
```

> Note that grafana dashboard and prometheus alerts starts to work
> fully up to 3 minutes after starting the docker-compose. It is
> because of the prometheus recording rules evaluation interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that it may take up to 5 minutes until Grafana dashboards will show any data. This is caused by evaluation interval of the included Prometheus recording rules.
```
